[README.md] Disabling bundles (#10)
harmonytf/HarmonyVPKTool: README.md

1. Run `yarn`
3. Run `yarn tauri build` to build a portable executable and bundled installs for your OS

> To build only the executable, change `bundle` `active` to `false` in `src-tauri/tauri.conf.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build only the executable, instead run `yarn tauri build -b none`.
```

Author: COOL

> On Linux, it can be done with: `sed -i '/"bundle": {/,/},/{/"active":/s/true/false/} src-tauri/tauri.conf.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
